Dashboard - Pie chart visualization (#701)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/dashboards/visualizations/piechart.adoc

= Pie chart
:description: The Neo4j dashboard pie chart visualization.

A pie chart displays different categories and values as slices of a circular disc.
Choose the following:

* *Category*: a text field. Categories are the labels of the pie slices.
* *Value*: a numeric field. This determines the size of the slices.

== Example

.Cypher query for a pie chart which displays the number of products per category
[source,cypher]
----
MATCH (p:Product)-[:PART_OF]->(c:Category)
RETURN c.categoryName AS Category, count(p) AS Products LIMIT 20
----

.A pie chart displaying the number of products per category
image::dashboards/visualization-pie-chart.png[]

== Configuration

> Select your **Category** for the x-axis and a **Value** for the y-axis.

Author: ```suggestion
Select your **Category** for the pie slice labels and a **Value** for size of the pie slices.
```
